We are going to work on this example injecting a database connection.
And for that,
we are going to go back to the previous example we have created in the
previous module about the object relational mapper.
In that previous example, we created an object called an EntityManager,
which is some kind of very simplified EntityManager from JPA or from Hibernate.
This EntityManager deals with the writing and reading of objects in a database,
so it needs a database connection.
And since we did not have dependency injection in the previous module,
we just created the DB connection inside this EntityManager implementation.
It means that, in fact, we created a dependency between the EntityManager,
which deals with reading and writing objects to a
database and the database itself.
We chose the H2 database.
We could have chosen MySQL or any other database, and the H2 database we chose.
What does it mean?
It means that since this dependency is hard coded inside the EntityManager,
if we need to change the database,
we need to change this EntityManager class itself.
So we will end up with an H2 EntityManager,
a MySQL EntityManager, a Postgres EntityManager,
and so on, and so forth.
And this is what we do not want to do.
We need to have an EntityManager that is unique on one hand, and on the other hand, a service that will encapsulate the access to a database.